# WCS API token reset

**UC ID**: UC0003

**Description**: As a developer, I need to reset my API token on monthly basis to comply with my product security standards.

## Test Suite
**ID**: TS001_UC003

### Test Cases

### TC001-TS001-UC003: Successful reset of full-admin API key

**Test Type**: Functional(Positive)

**Test Description**: Verify that for an existing WCS Standard instance the resetting of the API key succeeds. Making sure that the deleted full-admin key does not allow authentication anymore, while the new created key does. Check that reads and writes are still possible using the new key. Confirm that a notification is sent to the user upon API key deletion and addition.

### TC002-TS001-UC003: Successful reset of read-only API key

**Test Type**: Functional(Positive)

**Test Description**: Verify that for an existing WCS Standard instance the resetting of an existing read-only API key succeeds. Making sure that the deleted read-only key does not allow authentication anymore, while the new created key does authenticate. Check that only read operations are possible using the new key. Confirm that a notification is sent to the user upon API key deletion and addition.

### TC003-TS001-UC003: Reset of full-admin API key is logged in the system

**Test Type**: Functional(Positive), Security

**Test Description**: Verify that for an existing WCS Standard instance the resetting of an existing full-admin API key is stored in the application logs. Both events, the deletion of the old key and addition of the new key, should be logged. Make sure that the API key isn't displayed on any of the logs.

### TC004-TS001-UC003: API key reset takes less than 5 seconds

**Test Type**: Performance

**Test Description**: Perform several API key restarts (for read-only and full-admin API keys) and measure the time it takes since the creation of the new API key takes effect and authentication is allowed. Check during the whole test that this measure time doesn't go above the threshold of 5 seconds. Monitor other application metrics as memory usage (for leaks detection) and CPU.

## Review

* [ ] Reviewed by the development team
* [ ] Reviewed by QE peers