# WCS Sandbox Instance upgrade

**UC ID**: UC0002

**Description**: As a developer, I need to upgrade my Weaviate Cloud Services (WCS) Sandbox instance to make use of the latest Weaviate version which includes support for a specific functionality that the developer requires for his AI application.

## Test Suite
**ID**: TS001_UC002

### Test Cases

### TC001-TS001-UC002: Successful upgrade of a Sandbox instance

**Test Type**: Functional(Positive)

**Test Description**: Verify that an existing Sandbox instance, using an old Weaviate version can successfully upgrade to the latest available version. During the upgrade, verify that the downtime isn't more than the stated in the SLA. Perform regression testing on the upgraded Sandbox instance to make sue the newly upgraded instance behaves as expected.

### TC002-TS001-UC002: Data compatibility after upgrading a Sandbox instance

**Test Type**: Functional(Positive)

**Test Description**: Validate that the data stored in the existing sandbox instance is compatible with the new Weaviate version. Ensure that the data migration process, if required, is seamless and does not result in data corruption.

### TC003-TS001-UC002: Vulnerability scanning after upgrading a Sandbox Instance

**Test Type**: Security

**Test Description**: Confirm that the Weaviate's new version does not include any new vulnerabilities after upgrading from a previous version. Configure the vulnerability scanning tool to fail if any vulnerability over a determined level (CRITICAL) is found.

### TC004-TS001-UC002: Performance isn't impacted after upgrading a Sandbox Instance

**Test Type**: Performance

**Test Description**: Measure and compare the performance of the upgraded instance with the previous version by capturing metrics like response times, throughput, and resource utilization in a common scenario in which data is stored in batches, updated and ingested. Compare the results by percentage change and use acceptable thresholds to identify if there has been an impact in performance after the upgrade.

## Review

* [ ] Reviewed by the development team
* [ ] Reviewed by QE peers
